# To create a manpage, format me like this:
#   pod2man --center "User Commands" --release "Oblong Industries" p-list.pod > p-list.1
# Then read the manpage with:
#   man ./p-list.1

=head1 NAME

p-list - print out names of local or remote pools

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<p-list> S<[ B<-i> ] [ I<server> ]>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<p-list> lists all the pools present locally or on the specified
server.  Additional information about each pool is printed if the
B<-i> option is specified.

The optional server argument specified a hostname and port (on which a
pool_tcp_server must be running) in the format
"tcp://squash.local:1234/".

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-i>

Print additional information along with the pool name.  This
information is the total pool size, the amount of space currently in
use (in parentheses), the slaw version and mmap pool version, and
whether or not the pool has an index.  If the pool has an index, it is
indicated by a star followed by a number, where the number represents
the step size of the index.  (e. g. "*1" means every protein is
indexed, "*2" means every other protein is indexed, etc.)  Pools with
no index are indicated by not having a star.

In the same position as the pool index information, there may also be
some additional letters indicating flags which are set on the pool.
The key for the flags is as follows:

    a - auto-dispose
    c - checksum
    f - frozen
    l - flock
    s - stop-when-full
    S - sync

Between the pool name and the additional information is a column which
contains "X" if the pool is in use (any process has a hose open to
it), or is blank otherwise.

If there is a problem accessing a pool, there might be an error
message in place of the extra information.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

    bash-3.2$ p-list -i tcp://poolserver.example.com/
    arf                                         10.00M, (0), s1m0
    arf-coord                                    1.00M, (6.15K), s1m0
    bar                                          1.00M, (0), s2m1, S
    chinchilla                                  64.00K, (0), s2m1
    dummy-3731                               POOL_FILE_BADTH
    mouse                                    X   1.00M, (1023.43K), s2m0
    sample.1283300587.16788                    100.00M, (1.04K), s2m0
    tenk                                        10.00K, (0), s2m0
    unwanted-decibels                            1.00M, (0), s2m0, *1
    white                                        1.00M, (248), s1m0

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

=over 6

=item OB_POOLS_DIR

Specifies the directory where local pools are found.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Patrick Pelletier E<lt>ppelletier at oblong dot comE<gt>
